American ramp company has grown through
the years to become the world's largest
skate park provider building parts
throughout Europe Asia Australia and the
Middle East with over a thousand skate
park installations to date AR C is the
most trusted name in the skate park
industry we've worked with American ramp
company and they just been fantastic to
work with they didn't realize we had
that many boarders and skaters in town
and their support on this project has
just been tremendous our state of the
art manufacturing facility covers 57,000
square feet from laser tables and CNC
routers to our fully automated concrete
batch plant American ramp company
controls all aspects of manufacturing
which guarantees you the best pricing
and highest quality equipment on the
market and working with our
knowledgeable factory direct skatepark
specialists ensures no third-party
markup they know the material they know
their product I was really surprised at
the technology they had after our skate
park specialists meet with you they'll
collaborate with our in-house design
team which consists of Landscape
Architect and professional skaters who
together will create an industry-leading
design specific to your skate park
project free of charge
once we've developed the perfect skate
park for your community we can
streamline your skatepark purchase while
at the same time satisfying your local
bidding requirements by using one of our
mini state or national purchasing
contractors I think dollars $1 is
probably one of the best investments
we've done and it didn't seem like they
were trying to push one thing on me but
gave me the choice of what would work
the best for us unlike other companies
you won't be stuck with any particular
build method because we offer every
possible construction option we'll
listen to your needs and wants and help
you determine which product is right for
your community
American ramp company world's largest
skate park provider skater owned and
operated whether you're just starting to
think about a skate park or you're ready
to build a RC has the expertise to bring
your skate park vision to reality